# A Trial for Murder

For the final assignment, I decided to continue to work on one of my sketches. For my sketch 4, I trained a GPT-2 model to produce a short story - 250 words - based on the famous "The Trial For Murder" by Charles Dickens. It is a supernatural horror story and with this sketch, I played around several parameters to see how well the text generated relates to the original story. The versions actually came out much more logical than expected. 

Building on the previous work, I retrained the model for 1000 steps and now it gave many unexpectedly great outcomes. For this final assignment, I planned to keep the story short and about how the trial went. So I generated ten 250 word long texts with the prompt “The trial went on”. The idea of this website is to present trial stories of five characters and the nature of it has to be as negative as possible. For this reason, I performed sentiment analysis on all ten texts and then chose five out of them that had the highest negative sentiment amongst them. To remix my text a bit, I decided to make these trial stories about famous fictional characters. Corresponding to the negativity of the text, I chose the top five fictional villains according to the Empire Journal site. The modification of text involved replacing the pronouns, other names, and ‘I’ in the original text with characters’ names. To finalize, I used the python language tool to fix the grammar in the edited texts.

The next step involved building a website along the theme of murder and trial. The aesthetics and design of the website were influenced by the color of blood, negativity, and darkness. Although, I have built a couple of sites from scratch previously, building this one took longer than expected as I would run into several problems with javascript not working properly at times. It involved a lot of google searches to fix the site and bring it to life. I believe the design of the website, how the text is presented and the text itself comprises the artwork fully. The negativity in the text is truly complemented by the dark colors, the blood background, and the nature of villains.

This assignment has been a lot of fun for me. I got to cover a lot of topics from the course sessions in one assignment and also got to learn about so many new tools and techniques. The texts generated are very interesting and coherent and align very well with the underlying themes in the original story. The idea of trial being postponed and suspects being identified wrongly has been very nicely presented in many of the generated texts. All in all, this assignment has been a great project to end this course with. Find the links to aforementioned Colab notebooks below:

Sketch 4: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1X1Q5ChosMLZE5ti9XS7gvpRmXGnw9vCZ?authuser=1

Text modification colab: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1NQEUVcRfaoslK30Ye7H0s6GLVliKpHMc?usp=sharing
